1. text-align
text-align: justify; causes all lines of text except the last line to meet the left and right edges of the line box.
text-align: center; centers the text
text-align: right; right-aligns the text
And text-align: left; (the default) left-aligns the text.

2. u tag
<u>Ph.D. students</u>
With the u tag, the browser applies the CSS of text-decoration: underline; to the element.
Note: Try to avoid using the u tag when it could be confused for a link. 
Anchor tags also have a default underlined formatting.

3. strong 和 em
strong会加粗
em更多是强调：This displays text as italicized, as the browser applies the CSS of font-style: italic; to the element

4. s tag
With the s tag, the browser applies the CSS of text-decoration: line-through; to the element.

5. hr tag 
add a horizontal line across the width of its containing element.

6. rgba
you can add a background-color to the element holding the text you want to emphasize. 
rgba stands for:
  r = red
  g = green
  b = blue
  a = alpha/level of opacity
The RGB values can range from 0 to 255. The alpha value can range from 1, 
which is fully opaque or a solid color, to 0, which is fully transparent or clear. 
rgba() is great to use in this case, as it allows you to adjust the opacity. 
This means you don't have to completely block out the background.

7. box-shadow 
The box-shadow property applies one or more shadows to an element.
The box-shadow property takes values for

offset-x (how far to push the shadow horizontally from the element),
offset-y (how far to push the shadow vertically from the element),
blur-radius,
spread-radius and
color, in that order.
The blur-radius and spread-radius values are optional.

Multiple box-shadows can be created by using commas to separate properties of each box-shadow element:
box-shadow: 0 10px 20px rgba(0,0,0,0.19), 0 6px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.23);


8. opacity 
this property in CSS is used to adjust the opacity, or conversely, the transparency for an item.
A value of 1 is opaque, which isn't transparent at all.
A value of 0.5 is half see-through.
A value of 0 is completely transparent.

9. text-transform
The text-transform property in CSS is used to change the appearance of text. 
It's a convenient way to make sure text on a webpage appears consistently, without having to change the text content of the actual HTML elements.
The following table shows how the different text-transformvalues change the example text "Transform me".

Value	Result
lowercase	"transform me"
uppercase	"TRANSFORM ME"
capitalize	"Transform Me"
initial	Use the default value
inherit	Use the text-transform value from the parent element
none	Default: Use the original text

10. font-size and font-weight
字体大小和粗细

11. line-height 
this property to change the height of each line in a block of text.

12. :hover
a:hover {
    color: blue;
}
鼠标放上去显示蓝色

13. relative
When the position of an element is set to relative, it allows you to specify how CSS should move it relative 
to its current position in the normal flow of the page. It pairs with the CSS offset properties of left or right, 
and top or bottom. These say how many pixels, percentages, or ems to move the item away from where 
it is normally positioned. The following example moves the paragraph 10 pixels away from the bottom:
p {
    position: relative;
    bottom: 10px;
}

14. absolute
absolute, which locks the element in place relative to its parent container.
Unlike the relative position, this removes the element from the normal flow of the document, 
so surrounding items ignore it.

15. fixed
fixed position, which is a type of absolute positioning that locks an element relative to the browser window.

16. z-index
When elements are positioned to overlap (i.e. using position: absolute | relative | fixed | sticky), 
the element coming later in the HTML markup will, by default, appear on the top of the other elements. 
However, the z-index property can specify the order of how elements are stacked on top of one another. 
It must be an integer (i.e. a whole number and not a decimal), 
and higher values for the z-index property of an element move it higher in the stack than those with lower values.